README.md, before:

### FRONTEND
``` 
cd client
npm i && npm start
```

NOTES: If this were in prod, I would want the api urls to be hidden in a .env file. This would be my next step if I had more time to make sure I never expose a live api accidentally. 

## BACKEND
I'm running this project on python version 3.9.5, however that should be fairly flexible.

### .ENV
```
SECRET_KEY=
DB_NAME=
DB_USER=
DB_PASSWORD=
DB_HOST=
DB_PORT=
```

### Virtual Environment
```
python3.9.5 -m virtualenv myenv
source myenv/bin/activate
```

### Run Server
CD into server to run it locally
```
python manage.py runserver
```

## DATABASE and Migrations
I created a file called insert.py to insert comments.json into the database

If you have a postgresql database set up, first run migrations to setup database tables for comments

### Migrations to update tables in the database
```
python manage.py makemigrations 
python manage.py migrate
```

Then you can run the script in insert.py, you will need to set up the db_params.

I worked on this script before setting up the rest of the server including my .env file. With more time I would edit this to use global environment variables!

``` 
python3 ./db/insert.py 
```

## FUTURE IMPROVEMENTS I WOULD MAKE:
- .env file for frontend
- Better UX for frontend "edit" feature, possibly a modal experience styled with Material
- clean up Create React App boilerplate
- Ability to login as a user and like + post comments (not just as an admin)
- Filter comments by most recent (potentially other filter options as well, like most relevant)

Commit message:

build: build out list replies feature

README.md, after:

### List replies
In view.py The `list_comments` view fetches top-level comments from the database, prints their raw data before serialization, and returns a JSON response containing the serialized comments. The `list_replies` view attempts to retrieve a parent comment based on the provided ID, returns an error if not found, fetches and serializes its replies, and responds with a JSON containing the serialized replies. Both views are designed to provide structured data for frontend consumption, with the former offering additional insights into raw comment data during development.

On the client side, in App.js, the function renderCommentsRecursively handles the recursive rendering of comments and their replies by calling `list_comments` and `list_replies`

I still need to implement the ability to add a reply to a comment

### FRONTEND
``` 
cd client
npm i && npm start
```

NOTES: If this were in prod, I would want the api urls to be hidden in a .env file. This would be my next step if I had more time to make sure I never expose a live api accidentally. 

## BACKEND
I'm running this project on python version 3.9.5, however that should be fairly flexible.

### .ENV
```
SECRET_KEY=
DB_NAME=
DB_USER=
DB_PASSWORD=
DB_HOST=
DB_PORT=
```

### Virtual Environment
```
python3.9.5 -m virtualenv myenv
source myenv/bin/activate
```

### Run Server
CD into server to run it locally
```
python manage.py runserver
```

## DATABASE and Migrations
I created a file called insert.py to insert comments.json into the database

If you have a postgresql database set up, first run migrations to setup database tables for comments

### Migrations to update tables in the database
```
python manage.py makemigrations 
python manage.py migrate
```

Then you can run the script in insert.py, you will need to set up the db_params.

I worked on this script before setting up the rest of the server including my .env file. With more time I would edit this to use global environment variables!

``` 
python3 ./db/insert.py 
```

## FUTURE IMPROVEMENTS I WOULD MAKE:
- .env file for frontend
- Better UX for frontend "edit" feature, possibly a modal experience styled with Material
- clean up Create React App boilerplate
- Ability to login as a user and like + post comments (not just as an admin)
- Filter comments by most recent (potentially other filter options as well, like most relevant)
